
 
After re-reading the game.com music documentation with a Matt -
understanding the constraints that ALL of us are under.  Here is what I
propose:
 
1) We are going to use the new_sp.asm sound driver as provided by Micom in
it's current functionality.
 
2) Matt is going to identify some additional enhancements that will bring
the functionality up to what the gamegear offered - he will spec them out in
technical terms AND hopefully we will be able to get Nathan or Someone to
program the enhancements into our FUTURE games.  One of the needs Matt has
already identified is to play a note and slide it down or up to a specific
note over a specificed amount of time.
 
3) For the Frogger Game - here is the sound effect plan:
 
A) Level Intro music, Win &  Loose music will be played as songs using both
SG0 and SG1 for a two instrument music effect.
 
b) Level game music will use the Waveform Sound Generator 0 (SG0) - they
will be written in the style of melody.asm.
 
c) Level sound effects will use the Waveform Sound Generator 1 (SG1) - they
will be written in the style of very short songs.
 
D) Since we do not yet have documentation on the noise generator (SG2) - we
will avoid using it until we can dig up more info or experiment.  NOTE: we
are expecting sample code to us on sunday evening from Micom in HK)
 
E) Sound effects that cannot be reproduced with on the Waveform Sound
Generator will be Sampled effects (where the melody stops to play a desired
sound effect).  These will probably include:  the two Frogger Death sounds
and the Snake.
 
F) Matt will need to possibly work with someone to define additional
instruments in the new_sp.asm file as the game.com's two current instruments
are pretty basic.  May be this is something that Al can help with if Matt
provides the additional data???
 
G) Matt will need to get a version of Frogger with the new_SP.asm,
melody.inc and melody.asm incorporated into it and a way to select
sounds/music from a menu  and play them after compiling.  Al - is this
something you can help with??
 
I hope this helps clear up the sound/music issue for now.  Is everyone OK
with this???
 
Thanks!
